Update cloud-enabling-continuous-integration-with-github.md (#2136)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-enabling-continuous-integration-with-github.md

- You _have not_ used dbt Cloud environment variables in your connection settings page.
- You _do not_ have an empty/blank default schema.

> - You _have not_ overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro such that the temporary PR schema names no longer contain the prefix of `dbt_cloud_pr_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You _have not_ overridden the `generate_schema_name` macro. 
If the temporary PR schema names don't contain the prefix of `dbt_cloud_pr_`, you most likely have overridden the macro and need to make changes. 
If they do contain the prefix, then you have not overridden the macro. 
```
